{{Patch
| name     = Patch 1.0
| date     = May 8, 2024
| official = https://blog.stunlock.com/v-rising-1-0-patch-notes/
| prev     = Secrets of Gloomrot
| next     = Patch 1.1
}}
'''Patch 1.0''' (version 1.0.0.79266, released May 8, 2024) took [[V Rising]] out of Early Access. Its headline feature is the [[Ruins of Mortium]] endgame biome and the confrontation with [[Dracula the Immortal King]], alongside a major engine upgrade and the ''Legacy of Castlevania'' collaboration.

==Additions==
* New endgame biome: [[Ruins of Mortium]], with dynamic conflict events — skirmishes against Dracula's Legion and [[Rift Incursions]] that award [[Stygian Shard]]s and exclusive gear.
* Six new [[V Blood Carriers]]: [[Finn the Fisherman]], [[General Elena the Hollow]], [[General Cassius the Betrayer]], [[General Valencia the Depraved]], [[Simon Belmont the Vampire Hunter]] and [[Dracula the Immortal King]].
* Two new weapon types: [[Longbow]] and [[Whip]].
* [[Legendary Artifact Weapons]] — named endgame weapons with unique weapon-skill modifications.
* Vampire passives: 18 passive buffs across the six spell schools, unlocked at the Stygian Altar.
* Legendary [[Jewels]] with four spell mods, dropping from endgame bosses and Rift Incursions.
* Difficulty modes: '''Relaxed''' and '''Brutal''' added alongside Normal.
* [[Castle Relocation]] — move an entire castle to a new plot, including a relocation stash.
* Cargo Travelers — lootable caravans travelling the roads of Vardoran.
* Draculin [[Blood Types|blood type]], drained from Dracula's Legion units.
* ''Legacy of Castlevania'' collaboration content, including the Simon Belmont encounter.

==Changes==
* Major engine upgrade to Unity 2022 / DOTS 1.1 with substantial client and server performance improvements.
* World pass over every biome: new locations (including [[Dracula's Demise]]), extra Waygates in [[Farbane Woods]], road networks connected to Ruins of Mortium, updated lighting.
* Ancestral weapon acquisition reworked: Rare (blue) ancestral weapons drop from [[V Blood Carriers]] and Rift Incursions rather than crafting alone.
* Magic sources gain on-hit effects per spell school from tier 6, with fewer raw attribute bonuses.
* All veils grant 5% maximum-health healing on the following primary attack.
* 100% blood quality effect bonus reduced to 25% from 30%.
* [[Spellbook]] visual update, more gamepad-friendly.
* [[Soul Shard]]s can only be repaired through Rift Incursions.

==Fixes==
See the [https://blog.stunlock.com/v-rising-1-0-patch-notes/ official notes] for the full list of fixes shipped with the release build.

==Hotfixes==
===1.0.1 — May 10, 2024===
Rendering and server-setting fixes. ([https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/1604030/view/4179980671848648523 notes])
===1.0.2 — May 14–15, 2024===
Prison cell and Siege Golem map fixes; a rare crash fix the following day. ([https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/1604030/view/4179980671865841130 notes])
===1.0.4 — May 22, 2024===
Dracula Brutal-difficulty balance and a blood exploit fix. ([https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/1604030/view/4192366833801557439 notes])
===1.0.5 — May 29–30, 2024===
Co-op V Blood balance, new gamepad layout, performance improvements; small gamepad follow-up. ([https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/1604030/view/4165345869840228308 notes])
===1.0.6 — June 4, 2024===
First spell and jewel balance pass. ([https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/1604030/view/4165345869861690479 notes])
===1.0.7 — June 13, 2024===
Autosave improvements and crash fixes. ([https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/1604030/view/6020830277266340851 notes])
===1.0.8 — June 24 / July 5, 2024===
Bat Form Soul Shard toggle and crash fixes; Ukrainian language support in 1.0.8.81074. ([https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/1604030/view/4204754268652035823 notes])
===1.0.9 — September 17 / October 3, 2024===
Spell balance, quality of life and gamepad improvements; Continue-button QoL in 1.0.9.1. ([https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/1604030/view/7449605597527317156 notes])
===1.0.10 — October 21 / December 3, 2024===
New ''Legacy of Castlevania'' items; official trusted server provider support in 1.0.10.2. ([https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/1604030/view/4534653721996183146 notes])

{{Navbox Patches}}
