{{DISPLAYTITLE:Style guide}}
This style guide keeps articles predictable: a reader who has seen one boss page knows where to find the loot table on every boss page. When in doubt, copy the structure of a well-maintained article of the same type. Propose changes on the talk page.

Shortcut: [[VRW:STYLE]]

==Universal article layout==
Every article follows this sequence (omit sections that don't apply — never reorder):

# Hatnotes (disambiguation, "For X, see Y")
# Maintenance banners ({{tl|Stub}}, {{tl|Outdated}})
# Infobox
# Intro — one or two sentences stating what the subject is, with the article title in '''bold'''
# Body sections (per page type, below)
# See also
# Notes / References
# Update history
# Navbox
# Categories

==Page-type layouts==

===Boss (V Blood carrier)===
# Infobox ({{tl|Boss Infobox}}) — level, location, unlocks
# Intro with in-game journal quote
# Location
# Attacks — with a ''Brutal difficulty'' subsection where behavior differs
# Strategy — situational advice, not prescriptive loadouts; long walkthroughs belong in a Guide page, linked with <code>''Main article:''</code>
# Rewards — Spells, then Structures/Recipes, then a sortable loot table with drop percentages
# Quotes
# Trivia
# Update history
# V Blood navbox

===Weapon / equipment===
# Infobox ({{tl|WeaponInfobox}} / {{tl|EquipmentInfobox}})
# Intro
# Obtaining — crafting recipe (costs via {{tl|ItemFrame}}), drops, vendors
# Usage / stats — per-tier comparison table where applicable
# Notes — interactions and edge cases (what stacks, what doesn't)
# Update history
# Type navbox ({{tl|Navbox Weapons}})

===Ability / spell===
# Infobox ({{tl|AbilityInfobox}}) — school, cooldown, unlock source
# Intro
# Effect — per-tier/jewel values
# Notes — interactions (explicit "stacks with / does not stack with" lists)
# Update history
# School navbox

===Item / consumable===
# Infobox ({{tl|ItemInfobox}})
# Intro
# Obtaining
# Usage — organized by what it's used '''for''' (recipes, quests, refinement), one subsection each
# Update history
# Navbox

===Structure (castle object)===
# Infobox ({{tl|StructureInfobox}})
# Intro
# Obtaining / unlock
# Usage — what it crafts/refines, with recipe tables
# Update history
# Navbox

===Location===
# Infobox — region, level range, notable drops
# Intro
# Inhabitants — enemies and V Blood carriers, grouped by spawn condition
# Resources
# Points of interest
# Update history
# Region navbox

===Game mechanic===
# Quick-reference facts box at top where useful
# Intro definition
# Body ordered by graduated complexity: overview → practical use → exact numbers/formulas; put a small summary table before any dense reference table
# Update history

===Patch===
See [[Template:Patch]] documentation: infobox, then Additions / Changes / Fixes / Hotfixes.

===Guide===
Long-form walkthroughs and build advice live in guide pages ("Guide:" prefix), not in reference articles. Mark superseded guides prominently: ''"Outdated as of Patch X"''. Reference articles link to guides; guides link back to reference articles for numbers.

==Standard sections==

===Brutal difficulty===
Differences on Brutal servers go in a labeled ''Brutal difficulty'' subsection of the relevant section — never scattered inline.

===PvE / PvP differences===
Where values differ by server type, present both in one place, labeled — e.g. a two-column table or a ''PvP differences'' subsection. Do not fork pages.

===Update history===
Reverse-chronological bullet list, one entry per patch, linked to the patch article:
<pre>
==Update history==
* [[Patch 1.1]] — Physical power increased to 35 from 33.7. '''Bug Fix:''' no longer loses durability when parried.
* [[Patch 1.0]] — Added.
</pre>
Notation: "increased/reduced to X from Y". Prefixes: '''Bug Fix:''', '''Removed:''', '''New:'''. When a value changes, the old value ''moves here'' — body text and infobox always show only the current value. Removed content moves to a ''Removed'' section or page, never silently deleted.

==Linking==
* Link the first mention of an entity in the intro, in each infobox, and in each table row; avoid re-linking in running prose after the first mention.
* Item and entity mentions in lists and tables use {{tl|ItemFrame}} (icon + link). In prose, plain links — no icons mid-sentence.
* Prefer redirects over piped links ("[[Keely]]" not "[[Keely the Frost Archer|Keely]]") — redirects make search work.
* Create a redirect for every common alias, plural, and short name. Only create a disambiguation page when two or more real targets exist; otherwise redirect to the primary topic and add a hatnote.

==Naming==
* Article titles use exact in-game names, singular.
* Section headings are sentence case ("Update history", not "Update History"). Start at level 2 (<code>==</code>); never skip levels.
* Dates are written "May 8, 2024" (unambiguous across regions).

==Images==
* Infobox images use in-game inventory icons or renders on transparent/dark background.
* Screenshots: name files <code>Subject description patchX.Y.png</code> so superseded shots are identifiable after visual updates.
* Every image in templates gets meaningful <code>alt=</code> text (the entity name); purely decorative images get empty <code>alt=</code>.

==Tables==
* Stat comparisons use <code>class="wikitable sortable"</code> or a Cargo query — never image galleries laid out as tables.
* Header cells use <code>!</code> (real <code>&lt;th&gt;</code>), with icons accompanied by text.
* Wrap wide tables in <code>&lt;div class="vr-table-scroll"&gt;</code> so they scroll on phones.
* Conditional cases (drop-rate modifiers, difficulty scaling) go in footnotes below the table, not inline in cells.

==Colors==
Never hardcode colors in templates or articles. Use the semantic tokens from [[MediaWiki:Citizen.css]] (<code>--vr-rarity-*</code>, <code>--vr-infobox-*</code>) or the classes in [[MediaWiki:Common.css]] (<code>.vr-rarity-legendary</code> etc.) — they adapt to both themes.

[[Category:Project pages]]
