<includeonly>{{#invoke:ItemFrame|itemFrame}}</includeonly><noinclude>
===Item Frame===
A simple template for inserting linked images of items. Implemented in [[Module:ItemFrame]].

The frame/border is a separate image so item images should be added ''without'' a background. It also allows for the border to be changed independently.

The image is linked from the item name without spaces. '''''If the image file contains spaces a redirect will be needed for that image to work correctly.'''''

Images for specific item types also have diffrent prefixes. While most images will be prefixed by `Item_` not all are. At the time of writing the prefixes are the following:

* Item
* Structure
* Weapon
* Armour
* Jewelry
* Jewel
* Gem
* Head
* Cloak

For additional/future images [[Special:ListFiles|current files]] should be checked.

=== Examples ===
{{ItemFrame|Bone|12}}<code><nowiki> {{ItemFrame|Bone|12}}</nowiki></code><br>
{{ItemFrame|Bone|12|discountable=N}}<code><nowiki> {{ItemFrame|Bone|12|discountable=N}}</nowiki></code><br>
{{ItemFrame|Lumber|size=64}}<code><nowiki> {{ItemFrame|Lumber|size=64}}</nowiki></code><br>
{{ItemFrame|Plant Fibre|size=64}}<code><nowiki> {{ItemFrame|Plant Fibre|size=64}}</nowiki></code><br>
{{ItemFrame|Iron Sword|size=64|type=Weapon}}<code><nowiki> {{ItemFrame|Iron Sword|size=64|type=Weapon}}</nowiki></code><br>
{{ItemFrame|Dawnthorn Chestguard|size=64|type=Armour}}<code><nowiki> {{ItemFrame|Dawnthorn Chestguard|size=64|type=Armour}}</nowiki></code>
<templatedata>
{
	"params": {
		"1": {
			"description": "Item name, used for image/page link. When used as the image name all spaces will be stripped.",
			"type": "wiki-page-name",
			"required": true
		},
		"2": {
			"description": "The amount of the item you want to be displayed next to the image.",
			"example": "18",
			"type": "number",
			"suggested": true
		},
		"discountable": {
			"description": "Flag to hide discount quantity for recipes with no discount bonus",
			"example": "N",
			"type": "string",
			"suggested": true
		},
		"type": {
			"description": "The type of item in question. Defaults to Item if undefined.",
			"example": "Item, Structure, Weapon, Armour, Cloak, Head, Jewelry, Jewel, Gem",
			"type": "string",
			"default": "Item"
		},
		"size": {
			"description": "The size of the image and its borders in pixels",
			"type": "number",
			"default": "30",
			"suggested": true
		}
	},
	"paramOrder": [
		"1",
		"2",
		"discountable",
		"type",
		"size"
	]
}
</templatedata>[[Category:Templates| ]]</noinclude>
